# Scan 33 : 0x90
Source : https://honeynet.onofri.org/scans/scan33/

## Original description of the challenge (12/2004)
#### The Challenge:
All we are going to tell you about the binary is that it was 'found' on a WinXP system and has now be sent to you for analysis.
You will have to analyse it in-depth and get as much information as possible about its inner working, and what is the goal of the binary.
The main goal of this challenge is to teach people how to analyse heavily armored binaries.
Such techniques could be used in the future, and its time to get used to them.
Top Three winners get a signed copy of the book Know Your Enemy: 2nd Edition.

#### Download the Image (17 KB)
MD5 (0x90.exe) = 7daba3c46a14107fc59e865d654fefe9

#### Questions
Ensure you document the procedures, tools and methods used.

1. Identify and explain any techniques in the binary that protect it from being analyzed or reverse engineered.
2. Something uncommon has been used to protect the code from beeing reverse engineered, can you identificate what it is and how it works?
3. Provide a means to "quickly" analyse this uncommon feature.
4. Which tools are the most suited for analysing such binaries, and why?
5. Identify the purpose (fictitious or not) of the binary.
6. What is the binary waiting from the user? Please detail how you found it.

Bonus Question:  
7. What techniques or methods can you think of that would make the binary harder to reverse engineer?


## Walkthrough

This document is a complete walkthrough of what I did.
it is not necessarily the solution or the analysis report, but rather a history of my analysis.
This part allows me to summarize everything that has been tested.

